Privacy Notice

Effective Date: 19th March, 2025  

Introduction and Overview  

The SHEIN website ( “**Site**” ) and mobile application ( “**App**” ) are are provided by Infinite Styles Services Co., Limited (“**ISSL**”), which is the controller of the personal data collected and responsible for processing and protecting such personal data. In this Notice, the terms “SHEIN,” “Company”, “we”, “us” or “our” refer to ISSL.  

This Privacy Notice ("**Notice**") explains how ISSL collects, uses, shares, and processes your Personal Data when you use or access the Site, App, or use any of our services, including any written, electronic, and oral, communication, online and offline, purchases performed, and any other related services we own (collectively the “**Services**”) . The Notice also describes your rights regarding your personal data and explains how you can contact us to learn more about our data practices or to exercise your rights.  

**Please read our [Terms and Conditions](https://euqs.shein.com/Terms-and-Conditions-a-399.html) and this Notice before accessing or using our Services. If you cannot agree with this Notice or the Terms and Conditions, please do not access or use our Services.**  

**Changes to this Notice:** SHEIN is required under Data Protection law to ensure that it processes personal data transparently. As the way in which we process personal data may change, we may be obliged to update this Notice accordingly from time to time, to reflect how we are processing your data, and if we make changes, we will notify you by revising the effective date or last modified date at the top of this Notice. If we make significant changes that materially affect your privacy rights, we will provide advanced notice and make that clear on the Site or App, or by some other means of contact such as email, so that you are able to review the changes before you continue to use the Services.  

**Other information:** In addition, we may provide you with additional information about the personal data processing practices of specific parts of our Services, via other notices such as e.g. our Cookies Notice or the Terms and Conditions of certain promotions. Such notices may supplement this Notice or provide you with additional choices about how we process your personal information.  

CONTENTS  

Click on the links below to go to a specific section of this Policy.  

*   [**1\. How We Process Your Personal Data >**](javascript:;)  
    
*   [**2\. Sharing Your Personal Data >**](javascript:;)  
    
*   [**3\. Cookies, Interest-Based Advertising, Ad Choices >**](javascript:;)  
    
*   [**4\. Security Precautions >**](javascript:;)  
    
*   [**5\. Your Rights >**](javascript:;)  
    
*   [**6\. Retention >**](javascript:;)  
    
*   [**7\. Third-Party Websites >**](javascript:;)  
    
*   [**8\. Children >**](javascript:;)  
    
*   [**9\. Transfer of Your Personal Data >**](javascript:;)  
    
*   [**10\. Contact Us >**](javascript:;)  
    

  

1\. How We Process Your Personal Data  

1.1 We respect the privacy of the visitors to our digital properties and the users of our products and services, and we are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this Notice. We process personal data when you provide it to us, when we collect it automatically, when it is generated by your use of our Services and when we receive it from other sources.  

Pursuant to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 ( "**GDPR**" ), personal data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (‘data subject’); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person. Personal data does not include data that has been effectively irreversibly anonymized or aggregated so that it can no longer enable us or others, whether in combination with other information or otherwise, to identify you.  

“Processing” of personal data includes the collection, storage, analysis, accessing, sharing, transmitting and deletion of personal data.  

| Personal Data Processed | Purpose | Legal Basis | Retention |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Your name and either an email address or phone number (you may provide both), plus a nickname and password, to register with our Site or App. | *   To create your account | Consent | For as long as your account remains active, plus a reasonable time thereafter to process any unfulfilled orders, resolve any unresolved matters, or to satisfy legal obligations such as pending litigation or legal and regulatory filing obligations. You may close your account at any time. |
| Email address, phone number and WhatsApp contact | *   To send you direct marketing, where you consent. Further details of this processing are available at Section 1.2 of this Notice | Consent | For as long as you consent. |
| *   Profile data, including your style preference, clothing size and body shape, if you voluntarily choose to provide it for personalization purposes.  <br>    <br>*   Collection of your “like” records and votes when prompted as to your preference between two items.  <br>    <br>*   Where you provide information relating to maternity wear as a product interest, this may constitute sensitive or “special category” personal data.  <br>    <br>*   Where you provide information relating to children’s products as an interest this may constitute the personal data of the children. | *   To offer you products based on your stated preferences, via our app an website and, subject to you agreement via direct marketing. | Consent | Until or unless you remove these preferences from your account profile |
| Shipping information: name, postal address, phone number, order number. | *   To deliver your purchases or to facilitate marketplace sellers to deliver your purchases. | Necessary for the performance of a contract or to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract. | For as long as your account remains active, plus a reasonable time thereafter to resolve any unresolved matters. You may close your account at any time. |
| Transaction details: purchases, return and refund details, gift card number | *   To process orders and fulfil customer service requests. | Necessary for the performance of a contract or to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract. | For as long as your account remains active, plus a reasonable time thereafter to resolve any unresolved matters. You may close your account at any time. |
| Payment details – your credit or debit card details, gift card details, account credit, voucher and coupon details, billing address | *   To take payment for purchases and to process refunds where goods are returned. | Necessary for the performance of a contract or to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract. | Retained subject to legal requirements and national laws regarding retention of financial records for tax compliance purposes |
| *   Retained in order to comply with tax compliance obligations. | Necessary for compliance with a legal obligation. | Retained subject to the record keeping requirement imposed by the relevant legislation. |
| *   To handle and resolve legal disputes, for regulatory investigations purpose, and to comply with lawful requests from a competent law enforcement agency or court. | For compliance with legal obligations and for the legitimate interest of resolving legal and regulatory matters. | Retained until conclusion of the legal or regulatory dispute and any subsequent appeals or reviews. |
| Purchase history | *   To recommend products to you which you may like.  <br>    <br>*   Aggregation and analysis for market research and production planning. | For the Legitimate Interest of research and development of our services and products. | *   For as long as your account remains active, plus a reasonable time thereafter to resolve any unresolved matters. You may close your account at any time.  <br>    <br>*   Aggregated data derived from this personal data is not personal data. |
| Location of your IP address | *   To tailor your experience by directing you to the correct local website, language and user experience. | For the Legitimate Interest of providing an optimized user experience for the website and app | For the duration of your logged in session on the app or website. |
| Your communications with us via various channels, such as email, phone, social media, mail, instant chat, and our customer service platform. | *   To respond to your customer service requests, to resolve your queries and to administer your account. | The Legitimate Interest of providing customer service and account administration. | For as long as your account remains active, plus a reasonable time thereafter to resolve any unresolved matters. You may close your account at any time. |
| *   To handle and resolve legal disputes, for regulatory investigations purpose, and to comply with lawful requests from a competent law enforcement agency or court | The Legitimate Interest of engaging with Regulatory Agencies and defending our Legal Interests | Retained until conclusion of the legal or regulatory dispute and any subsequent appeals or reviews. |
| Your Device Information, browser type, operating system, account setting information and login data. | *   Site and app security, fault analysis, troubleshooting, fraud prevention and risk control. | For the Legitimate Interest of securing your account and our site and app, and providing an optimized user experience. | For as long as your account remains active, plus a reasonable time thereafter to resolve any unresolved matters. You may close your account at any time. |
| Your product Reviews, which may include photos of you. | *   To assist customers who are considering buying the same product.  <br>    <br>*   Further details of this processing are available at Section 1.3 of this Notice and our [Review Guidance](https://euqs.shein.com/Review-Guidance-a-478.html) | Consent. | For as long as you consent. You may remove a review at any time. |

**Please note:** When communicating with us by email or through forms on our Services, or when you publicly share content through our Services, we ask that you **please do not send us any sensitive information pertaining to yourself or to others.**  

1.2 Direct Marketing  

SHEIN sends direct marketing via e-mail, SMS, WhatsApp message and push notification. As required under the relevant laws, direct marketing is not sent to you unless you have given your prior consent.  

This consent may be given by you via the website or app at account signup or at a later time through the use of the website or app.  

You may withdraw your consent at any time, and SHEIN will take steps to ensure you no longer receive direct marketing via that channel. If you withdraw your consent for only one channel, you may continue to receive direct marketing via other channels, until you also withdraw consent for that channel.  

Please be aware that there may be a brief delay before your marketing consent status is updated and that you may continue to receive direct marketing messages during that time.  

To change your consent status for any of our Direct Marketing Channels, go to your account profile and you will find “Contact Preferences” under the “Other Services” sub-heading. There you can give or withdraw consent to each type of Direct Marketing.  

To stop receiving Direct Marketing via email, you may also click “unsubscribe” at the bottom of any marketing email. Please note that some emails from SHEIN may not contain direct marketing and therefore may not contain an “unsubscribe” link.  

To stop receiving Direct Marketing via SMS, you may also reply “STOP” to direct a marketing SMS. Please note that some emails from SHEIN may not contain direct marketing and therefore may not accept a STOP reply.  

To stop receiving Direct Marketing via WhatsApp, you may also reply “STOP” to a direct marketing WhatsApp. Please note that some WhatsApps from SHEIN may not contain direct marketing and therefore may not accept a STOP reply.  

If you choose not to consent to receiving Direct Marketing from SHEIN you may still receive service messages from us. These are essential messages giving you important information about your account and purchases.  

A number of means are made available to customers to revoke their consent; via the preference centre on our website, by clicking on the unsubscribe link in marketing emails or by texting “STOP” in response to a direct marketing SMS or WhatsApp.  

Message and data rates may apply to all messages sent to and from you. If you have any questions about your telephone package, it is best to contact your mobile operator.  

When you provide an email, phone number or WhatsApp contact to us you should ensure that it is your own and that it is correct. Providing the contact details of another person, whether deliberately or inadvertently, may lead to your private account details being disclosed to the true owner of the contact details. In order to protect your account and to avoid inconvenience to third parties, we may be obliged to suspend your account if it appears that the contact details associated with it are not those of the account owner.  

**App Notifications**  

SHEIN may also contact you, either for direct marketing or for other purposes, via notifications from the app. You can make changes to how you receive these notifications via the settings on your smart device.  

1.3 Product Reviews  

When you buy a product from our service, we ask you to complete a review. This is to assist other users who may be considering buying the same product. Although we reward customers with points for posting reviews, whether you do so is entirely at your own discretion, and you may remove your reviews at any time.  

You should be aware that your reviews will be accessible to all users of the site. If you post a photograph with the review, you should be aware that you or your surroundings may be recognisable from the photo.  

If you post an image of a third party, including your children, you should first obtain their consent to do so. You should be aware that they may have the right to have the photo removed under EU law, including Data Protection law. If a third party asks you to remove a photo of them that you have posted, we recommend that you do so.  

  

2\. Sharing Your Personal Data  

We may disclose and share your Personal Data with the parties as described below.  

*   **A.** _Within Our Corporate Organization_ . ISSL is a part of a corporate organization that has several legal entities, business processes, management structures, and technical systems. These entities provide services to each other and the provision of such services may require the processing of personal data. We may share your personal data with our related group companies and, in some cases, other affiliates of our corporate group for business maintenance and personalization continuity purposes, for instance, so that you may enjoy a personalized user experience across our digital properties, to provide you with the Services, or to take actions based on your requests or preferences.  
    
*   **B.** _Third Party Sellers.Our Website and App is a Marketplace, where other sellers, including sellers from the SHEIN group, sell products._ . When you purchase from a third-party seller on our Site and App and the third-party seller will ship the products to you directly, we will share your personal data (user ID, name, email address and other contact and shipping information) with them so that they may respond to you or fulfil your order and provide your personal data to their service providers in order to ship the products to you. Independently from us, the third-party seller is the controller of such personal data and responsible for any processing that they perform after we have shared this personal data with them, including compliance with any limitations imposed by our agreement with them.  
    
*   **C.** _Service Providers_ . We may share your personal data with the following types of third-party service providers as set out in the table below:  
    

| Supplier/Service Provider/Processor | Services Offered |
| --- | --- |
| IT system and software service provider | Website hosting services (including cloud storage), mobile app or software optimization services, customer relationship management software, email service providers, or system maintenance services. |
| Payment service provider | Third-party payment processing services. |
| Marketing and advertising services | Assistance in reaching potential new customers across multiple communications channels, or sharing with affiliated companies that promote our products on their websites. |
| Order fulfillment service provider | Provision of logistics, warehousing and distribution services, return and exchange services, and order status notification services for your purchased items. |
| Customer service provider | Assistance with customer services and support. |
| Fraud prevention and information security service provider | Identity verification, fraud prevention, or credit risk reduction services to protect our website/app and our business. |
| Professional Advisors | Including lawyers, consultants and accountants and other providers of expert advice. |
| Other Service providers selected by you | Other third parties, such as size recommendations and fit prediction services providers, if you have chosen to help us provide you with product recommendations. |

*   We strive to ensure that our third-party service providers can only use your data for the contractual purposes for which it was provided to them and to the extent necessary for such purposes, in accordance with our written instructions (where they act as our data processors).  
    
*   **D.** _To Maintain Legal and Regulatory Compliance_ . We have the right to disclose your personal data for compliance with a legal obligation, or when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, request from a regulator, or any other legal process served on us. We also may disclose your information where we reasonably believe that the disclosure is necessary to enforce our agreements or policies, or if we believe that disclosure will help us protect the rights, property, or safety of the Company or our customers.  
    
*   **E.** _Co-Branded Services and Features_ . Portions of our Services may be offered as part of co-branded services and features. We will share your personal information with our co-branded partners based on your voluntary use of or participation in a co-branded service or feature. The co-branded partners will be identified on the co-branded feature or service, along with an applicable co-branded partner's privacy policy. Use of your personal information by a co-branded partner will be subject to a co-branded partner’s privacy policy. If you wish to opt-out of a co-branded partner’s future use of your personal information, you will need to contact the co-branded partner directly.  
    
*   **F.** _Consent_ . We may disclose your personal information for any purpose with your consent.  
    
*   **G.** _Corporate Transactions_ . We may disclose personal information—including account information, Wallet balance or points information—to a buyer, prospective buyer, corporate affiliate, or other successor based on our legitimate interests in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding in which personal information held by us about our Services users is among the assets transferred. You acknowledge and agree to our assignment or transfer of rights to your personal information.  
    

Please note that we may disclose, without restriction, aggregated or anonymized information about the users of our Services, which is information that does not identify any specific individual.  

  

3\. Cookies, Interest-Based Advertising, Ad Choices  

**3.1 What are cookies?**  

A cookie is a small text file that a website stores on your computer or mobile device when you visit the site.  

First party cookies are cookies set by the website you’re visiting. Only that website can read them.  

In addition, a website might potentially use external services, which also set their own cookies, known as third-party cookies.  

Persistent cookies are cookies saved on your computer and that are not deleted automatically when you quit your browser.  

Session cookies are deleted when you quit your browser.  

Every time you visit our websites, you will be prompted to accept or refuse cookies. The purpose is to enable the site to remember your preferences (such as user name, language, etc.) for a certain period of time. That way, you don’t have to re-enter them when browsing around the site during the same visit.  

Cookies can also be used to establish anonymised statistics about the browsing experience on our sites.  

**3.2 How can you control SHEIN’s use of cookies?**  

When you land on our website, you will be presented with a cookie management tool, which asks for your consent to deploy several types of cookies. You can use this tool to give or withdraw your consent to the use of these cookies. If you do not make a choice using the tool, the website will deploy only strictly necessary cookies (see below).  

If you wish to change the preference you made via the cookie management tool, you should click on “manage cookies” at the bottom of the web page. This will recall the cookie management tool for you to make new choices.  

**3.3 How do we use cookies?**  

Currently, there are five types of cookies that may be generated as you browse our site:  

Strictly Necessary Cookies, Performance Cookies, Functional Cookies, Targeting Cookies and Social Media Cookies  

*   **A.** _Strictly Necessary Cookies_ .  
    
*   These cookies are essential for you to browse the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the site. Cookies that allow web shops to hold your items in your cart while you are shopping online are an example of strictly necessary cookies, as are cookies which protect the site against malicious attacks.  
    
*   Because these cookies are necessary to the functioning of the website, the cookie management tool does not allow you to decline them. However, you can use your browser settings to disable them. These cookies are critical to the efficient working of the site. If you choose to disable these cookies from this site, the functionality of the site may be greatly reduced.  
    
*   **B.** _Performance Cookies_  
    
*   These cookies collect information about how you use a website, like which pages you visited and which links you clicked on. None of this information can be used to identify you. It is all aggregated and, therefore, anonymized. Their sole purpose is to improve website functions. This includes cookies from third-party analytics services as long as the cookies are for the exclusive use of the owner of the website visited.  
    
*   Statistical information is used in reports and to improve our site. For example, we have used analytics data to add, remove or change features of the site based on how popular they are with users.  
    
*   We track, for example:  
    
*   *   _the numbers of visitors to individual pages；_  
        
    *   _when pages were visited；_  
        
    *   _how long users stayed on the page;_  
        
    *   _the IP address of the user of the website;_  
        
    *   _the page they came from;_  
        
    *   _technical data about the device being used to browse the site (such as browser and operating system version, and display size) — we use this data to ensure that the technology our site uses is appropriate for the majority of our users, and how best to display the site for users who have less capable browsers._  
        
*   Because these cookies are not strictly necessary to the functioning of the website, the cookie management tool allows you to decline them at any time. However doing so may impede our ability to offer customers the best experience.  
    
*   **C.** _Functional cookies_ .  
    
*   These cookies allow a website to remember choices you have made in the past, like what language you prefer, whether you have accepted cookies, what regional store you should be directed to, or what your user name and password are so you can automatically log in.  
    
*   Because these cookies are not strictly necessary to the functioning of the website, the cookie management tool allows you to decline them at any time. However doing so may impede your enjoyment of the website.  
    
*   **D.** _Targeting cookies_ .  
    
*   These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.  
    
*   Because these cookies are not strictly necessary to the functioning of the website, the cookie management tool allows you to decline them at any time. However doing so may result in you seeing less relevant online advertising.  
    
*   **E.** _Social Media Cookies_ .  
    
*   These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit.  
    
*   Because these cookies are not strictly necessary to the functioning of the website, the cookie management tool allows you to decline them at any time. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.  
    

**3.4 Removing cookies from your device**  

You can delete all cookies that are already on your device using the settings in your browser. This will remove all cookies from all websites you have visited. Be aware though that you may also lose some saved information (e.g. saved login details, site preferences).  

Be aware though that you may also lose some saved information (e.g. saved login details, site preferences).  

**3.5 Blocking cookies**  

In addition to using the cookie management tool, you can set most modern browsers to prevent any cookies being placed on your device, but you may then have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site/page, and some services and functionalities may not work properly at all (e.g. profile logging-in).  

**3.6 Analytics**  

We may use third-party service providers to monitor and analyse the use of our Services. Presently, we use **Google Analytics**. Google Analytics is a web analytics service that tracks and reports Site traffic. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: [https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en](https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en). Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics, available at: [https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout)  

If Google Analytics is structured to collect personal data, the cookie banner on our Site will provide you the opportunity to consent to Google Analytics and the data controller will be Google Ireland Ltd., Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. We have implemented Google Analytics with the “AnonymizeIP” function, which makes sure that your IP address will be shortened before it is sent to servers in the U.S. Exceptionally, the shortening may take place after such transfer to the U.S. Google uses this data to evaluate your use of our Services, to compile reports on activities on our online services and to provide us with other services related to Site, App and internet use.  

**3.7 Behavioural Remarketing**  

We also use remarketing services to advertise on third-party websites to you after you visited our Services. For this purpose, visitors are grouped by certain actions on our Services, e.g., by the duration of a visit. This enables us to understand your preferences and to show you personalized advertising even if you are currently surfing on another website that also participates in the Google advertising network.  

We use the following tools and services for these purposes: **Google Ads** remarketing service is provided by Google. You can opt-out of this by visiting the Google Ads Settings page: [https://www.google.com/settings/ads](https://www.google.com/settings/ads) .  

If Google Ads is structured to collect personal data, the data controller will be Google Ireland Ltd., Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. .  

**Bing Ads** is a service operated by Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, One Microsoft Place, South County Business Park, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, Ireland. Please read Microsoft’s privacy statement for more information on how Microsoft processes your information [https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-US/](https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-US/) . When you access our Site via advertisements on Bing Ads, a cookie is set on your computer. In addition, a Universal Event Tracking tag is integrated on our Site. This is a code that, in combination with the cookie, stores data about the use of the Site, e.g. length of time spent on the Site, areas accessed, and ads used to reach the Site. In addition, Microsoft may track your usage patterns across multiple of your electronic devices through so-called cross-device tracking. The information collected is transferred to a Microsoft server in the United States. If Bing Ads is structured to collect personal data, the cookie banner on our Services will provide you the opportunity to consent to Bing Ads. .  

**Facebook Ads.** Using [Facebook Business Tools](https://www.facebook.com/help/331509497253087?_ga=2.209174994.1788406346.1623304331-967224649.1617743589) , we may show you interest-based ads when you use Facebook. To change your preferences or opt out of personalization for ads served by Facebook, you can visit Facebook [Ads Preferences](https://www.facebook.com/help/109378269482053?_ga=2.209174994.1788406346.1623304331-967224649.1617743589) in addition to the Your Choices section below. We may also show ads to audiences who share similar characteristics to yours. To this end, a list of email addresses is irreversibly hashed encrypted and uploaded or transmitted from our site, and Facebook compares the hashed data with its users, generating a lookalike audience and deleting the uploaded list. We don't have access to the identity of anyone in the "lookalike" audience, unless they choose to click on one of our ads. .  

**3.8 Other Tracking Technologies**  

We may also use Tracking Technologies to collect "clickstream" data, such as the domain name of the service providing you with Internet access, your device type, IP address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your browser type and version, operating system and platform, the average time spent on our Site, webpages viewed, content searched for, access times and other relevant statistics, and assign unique identifiers to the device or other credentials you use to access the Site for the same purposes.  

Pages of our Site may also use Java scripts, which are code snippets embedded in various parts of websites and applications that facilitate a variety of operations including accelerating the refresh speed of certain functionality or monitoring usage of various online components; entity tags, which are HTTP code mechanisms that allow portions of websites to be stored or “cached” within your browser to accelerate website performance; and HTML5 local storage, which allows data from websites to be stored or “cached” within your browser to store and more quickly retrieve data in HTML5 pages when the website is revisited.  

**3.9 Location Information**  

You may be able to adjust the settings of your device so that information about your physical location is not sent to us or third parties by (a) disabling location services within the device settings; or (b) denying certain websites or mobile applications permission to access location information by changing the relevant preferences and permissions in your mobile device or browser settings.  

  

4\. Security Precautions  

We maintain reasonable physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards designed to guard your personal data from unauthorized processing, use or disclosure. Our security measures include industry-standard physical, technical, and administrative measures to prevent unauthorized access to or disclosure of your information. We also require our service providers to provide privacy and security controls to protect data shared with them in order to perform services.  

The Internet is not an absolutely secure environment, and we cannot guarantee that your personal data will be secure. We therefore strongly recommend that you use a unique, complex password to help us ensure the security of your account. We also strongly recommend that you do not share your password with others or re-use passwords on our Services that you use on other sites or apps, as doing so increases the likelihood of your being the victim of a credential stuffing attack or other malicious cyber behavior. If you feel that the security of your account or personal data has been compromised, please immediately contact us at our dedicated [Privacy Center](https://euqs.shein.com/Privacy-Center-a-1045.html) or as otherwise described in the "Contact Us" section below.  

  

5\. Your Rights  

You have certain rights relating to processing of your personal data by us arising from Chapter 3 of the General Data Processing Regulation (“GDPR”). These rights include: .  

**5.1 Right to Information**  

You have the right to certain information relating to processing of your personal data by us. This Privacy Statement, along with other relevant publicly available documents, provides this information.  

**5.2 Right of Access**  

You have the right to obtain a copy of personal data which we may hold about you. You should note that we are bound to retain data for no longer than is necessary, and that certain data may therefore have been deleted by the time a request for access is made, in line with the retention practices outlined in this notice.  

**5.3 Right to Rectification**  

You have the right to have any inaccurate personal data corrected or updated.  

**5.4 Right to Erasure (“The Right to be Forgotten”)**  

You have the right to have your data deleted when it is no longer required by us for a lawful purpose, as outlined in this Notice. Where data still needs to be kept, e.g., for a legal obligation or for legitimate business purposes the Right to Erasure does not yet apply.  

**5.5 Right to Restriction of Processing**  

You have the right to have processing of data restricted;  

*   *   _While we verify the accuracy of your data or correct it if necessary;_  
        
    *   _If the processing is unlawful and you request restriction of the processing rather than erasure of the personal data;_  
        
    *   _If we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but you require us to retain it for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; and_  
        
    *   _While we consider an objection made by you under your Right to Object._  
        

**5.6 Right to Data Portability**  

You have the right to obtain a copy of certain personal data in a commonly used, machine readable format. This right is limited to data which;  

*   *   _Was provided to us by you;_  
        
    *   _Is processed by us on the basis of consent or a contract; and_  
        
    *   _Is processed by automated means._  
        

We provide such personal data in Excel Spreadsheet format.  

**5.7 Right to Object**  

You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data which is done for the purposes of a legitimate interest or in the public interest or in exercise of official authority vested in us as data controller. Where you object, we must either demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing, or cease it.  

You have the right to object to processing for direct marketing purposes. This right can be exercised by opting out of direct marketing using the means provided.  

**5.8 Right regarding Automated Decision Making**  

Where a decision is made based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you, you will be notified of the outcome and given the opportunity to obtain human intervention by SHEIN, to express your point of view and to contest the decision.  

**5.9 Exercise of your Personal Data Rights**  

To exercise your rights, you may make updates within your customer account on the Site or App, or you may contact us through our dedicated [Privacy Center](https://euqs.shein.com/Privacy-Center-a-1045.html) .  

In some cases we may require additional information from you to help us identify the data you require. We may request that you provide additional information necessary to confirm your identity as the Data Subject, where there is a reasonable doubt in this regard. In the case of certain manifestly unfounded or excessive requests, we reserve the right to decline a request or to charge a reasonable administrative fee.  

We will respond to your request within 30 days of receiving it, except for requests which by reason of their complexity or number may take up to three months to fulfil. In such cases we will notify you of any such delay within one month of receipt of the request, together with the reasons for the delay.  

You should be aware that all of the above rights are subject to certain restrictions and limitations. Where such a restriction or limitation applies to one of your requests, we will notify you.  

**5.10 Complaints**  

If you believe we have infringed or violated your privacy rights, please contact us at our dedicated [Privacy Center](https://euqs.shein.com/Privacy-Center-a-1045.html) so that we may attempt to resolve any issues to your satisfaction. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with your data protection authority (more details on data protection authorities and their contact info can be found at [https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/reform/what-are-data-protection-authorities-dpas\_en](https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/reform/what-are-data-protection-authorities-dpas_en)).  

With respect to your personal data processed by a third party seller on our Site and App as an independent controller, to exercise your rights under the applicable law, you may contact the third party seller directly.  

  

6\. Retention  

We will retain your personal Data, including any correspondence you have with us, only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Notice,including retaining Personal Data in order to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes, for information security purposes, and to enforce our legal rights, terms, and policies.  

  

7\. Third-Party Websites  

Our App or Site may contain links to third-party sites. This Notice does not apply to those third-party sites. We recommend that you read the privacy statements of any other sites that you visit as we are not responsible for the privacy practices of those sites.  

  

8\. Children  

In order to use this site you must be at least 18 years old. SHEIN doesn’t sell products for purchase by children. We may sell children's products for purchase by adults. If you're under 18, you may use SHEIN only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.  

If you are under 18, SHEIN may process some of your personal data:  

Product reviews: A parent or other adult who buys an item for you may take a photo of you and post it as part of a review of that product. Parents are advised not to post photos where the child’s face is identifiable.  

Children’s Profiles: A parent or other adult may add a profile for you to their own personal profile. This allows them to tell us what kinds of products they like to buy for you. We use this information to recommend other products to them which we think they might like to buy for you.  

To create this profile, we need to know the approximate age of the child (i.e. what month and year the child was born in) and whether the child is a girl or a boy. We also ask the parent to affirm that they have the legal authority to post the information being provided. The parent or guardian will also be asked to create a nickname for the profile. To best protect the privacy interests of the child, you should not use the child’s name.  

This profile will only be visible to the person who creates it.  

  

9\. Transfer of Your Personal Data  

SHEIN Customer Data for European customers is stored in Europe and largely processed in Europe. However, like all global online retailers, in order to serve customers all over the world, it is necessary for SHEIN to access data internationally.  

When a customer makes a purchase from SHEIN or a SHEIN Marketplace seller, their order and shipping information needs to be provided to the warehouse in order for the order to be fulfilled. As many SHEIN products are shipped from China, this necessitates the transfer of this data to China. This type of data transfer is permitted under Data Protection Legislation as being necessary for the performance of SHEIN’s contract with the customer, and is subject to appropriate safeguards.  

For other internal transfers of personal data among SHEIN affiliates, SHEIN has in place a Global Intra Group Data Transfer Agreement which includes the relevant Special Contractual Clauses as required under GDPR.  

  

10\. Contact Us  

If you have questions or concerns regarding any information in this Privacy Policy, please contact us at our dedicated [](https://euqs.shein.com/Privacy-Center-a-1045.html)[Privacy Center](https://euqs.shein.com/Privacy-Center-a-1045.html)[](https://euqs.shein.com/Privacy-Center-a-1045.html) .  

Our EU Data Protection Officer can be contacted via the email address below or via our postal address below in writing:  

Data Protection Officer  

Infinite Styles Services Co. Limited  

1-2 Victoria Buildings,  

Haddington Road,  

Dublin 4,  

D04 XN32,  

Ireland,  

Email: [privacy@sheingroup.com](mailto:privacy@sheingroup.com)