  

Meta AIs Terms of Service (EU)

  

These Terms of Service (“Terms”) apply when you access and use Meta AIs and other software, tools, services, documentation, content, functionalities, and generative AI features that we make available to you through any [Meta Product](https://www.facebook.com/legal/meta-products) (collectively, “AIs”). These terms are a legally binding agreement between you and Meta Platforms Ireland Limited (“Meta”, “we”, “our”, or “us”).

  

*   **Your Commitments**
    
    *   Eligibility
        
        Without limiting the [Meta Terms of Service](https://www.facebook.com/terms) or any other applicable terms or policies, you cannot access AIs if you are under the age of 13 (or such greater age required in your country or territory) or if you are prohibited from receiving our services or software under applicable laws.
        
    *   Acceptable Uses
        
        You may not access, use, or allow others to access or use AIs in any manner that would:
        
        *   Be unlawful (including but not limited to any manner that promotes, contributes to, or encourages illegal or unlawful activity), including conduct that describes, encourages, supports, or distributes in any form child sexual abuse materials
        *   Generate, promote, disseminate, or otherwise use or facilitate content that may harm other individuals, including to encourage self-harm, discrimination, bullying, humiliation, and/or other emotional harms. This also includes causing harm by using AIs to: (i) deploy subliminal, manipulative, or deceptive techniques to distort behavior by impairing decision making; or (ii) exploit people due to their age, disability, or a specific social or economic situation to distort their behavior
        *   Evaluate or classify individuals based on social behavior or personal traits that leads to detrimental or unfavorable treatment, either in a context unrelated to the original data or that is unjustified or disproportionate
        *   Engage in predictive policing or criminal risk assessments based on profiling or assessing personality traits and characteristics
        *   Engage in the untargeted scraping of facial images from the internet or CCTV footage to build facial recognition databases
        *   Engage in emotion recognition in the workplace or education, save as permitted by applicable law
        *   Categorise people based on their biometric data to deduce or infer their race, political opinions, trade union membership, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life or sexual orientation
        *   Engage in real-time biometric identification in publicly accessible spaces for the purposes of law enforcement, save as permitted by applicable law
        *   Present a risk of death or bodily harm to individuals (including in relation to illegal drugs, weapons, or self-harm)
        *   Generate, promote, disseminate, or otherwise use or facilitate adult content, such as erotic chat, pornography, and content meant to arouse sexual excitement
        *   Deceive or mislead others, including but not limited to activity related to plagiarism, scams, phishing or malware, and furtherance of misinformation or disinformation
        *   Generate, promote, disseminate, or otherwise use or facilitate content that may violate or infringe upon the rights of others (including but not limited to intellectual property rights and privacy rights)
        *   Solicit professional advice (including but not limited to medical, psychological, financial, or legal advice) or content to be used for the purpose of engaging in other regulated activities (including but not limited to political campaigning or lobbying). No statements, responses, or content generated by AIs should be interpreted as an offer or provision of professional care or as a substitute for consultation with a qualified provider.
        *   Override safety or privacy filters, controls, or mechanisms
        
    
*   **Prompts, Results, and Other Content**
    
    *   Rights to Content
        
        AIs allows you to provide materials for processing, which could include text, documents, images, or recordings, depending on the integration (together, “Prompts”) and will generate a response (“Outputs”) based on your Prompts, as well as any feedback you provide (“Feedback”) collectively, “Content”. You may not provide Prompts or use AIs in any way that infringes or violates someone else’s rights, including but not limited to privacy and intellectual property rights. Except as expressly provided in these Terms, you retain all right, title, and interest – including any intellectual property rights – that you have in and to your Prompts. You agree that your provision of Prompts will not violate these Terms, including the Acceptable Uses, and other policies that apply to your use of AIs.
        
    *   Media Processing
        
        Depending on where you are located, you can have the option to engage with AIs by providing media (e.g., images, audio, video, etc.). For example, you can speak to Meta AI, provide media for editing, or ask questions about media. To work, each time you provide media, the AI technology transforms and represents the media into an embedding to understand the media and provide the requested service.
        
        By providing media to AIs for processing, you represent, warrant and agree that you have, and otherwise provide to Meta, any appropriate permission(s) or consents from persons depicted in such media to conduct such processing.
        
    *   Personal Information
        
        The [Meta Privacy Policy](https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy/) explains how we process your personal information in the context of AIs, including how we use your interactions with AIs to improve AI at Meta. Interactions include information you or others exchange with AIs like Content or messages.
        
        When information is shared with AIs, the AIs will sometimes retain and use that information. Do not share information that you don’t want the AIs to use and retain, such as information about sensitive topics.
        
        Meta may share certain information with select partners, like search engines, to provide you with the most relevant information in connection with our AIs. [Learn more about how we share information with these partners.](https://www.facebook.com/privacy/dialog/ai-partners) By using AIs, you instruct us to share information for this purpose.
        
        In some cases, Meta will review your interactions with AIs, including the content of your conversations with or messages to AIs, and this review can be automated or manual (human). When you share your private messages with friends and family with AIs that use Private Processing technology, Meta cannot read or access the messages you have shared. Meta provides Private Processing as a service on your behalf.
        
        Depending on where you reside, you or an authorized agent may have the right to request access to your personal information from Meta in a portable format, deletion of your personal information, or correction of your personal information, subject to certain exceptions. To learn more about how you can access and delete your personal information we process in the context of AIs, and exercise any applicable rights, visit our [Privacy Center](https://www.facebook.com/privacy/guide/genai?entry_point=whatsapp_genai). It is important that you review the Privacy Center before you try to delete any personal information or delete or deactivate your account. Depending on how you use AIs, deleting individual messages, entire threads, or even your account may not delete our copy of your personal information, and the Privacy Center describes the correct way to delete your personal information.
        
    *   Accuracy and Warning Regarding Content
        
        AIs are a new technology that are still improving in accuracy. As such the accuracy of any content, including outputs cannot be guaranteed and that outputs may be disturbing or upsetting. You should not rely upon outputs for any purpose or use outputs to inform professional advice or decisions related to medicine, finance, law or pharmaceuticals. If you plan to use outputs for any reason, it is your sole responsibility to verify outputs. AIs and any content may not reflect accurate, complete or current information.
        
        The AIs will generate Content based on Prompts that you provide. The specific Content that the AIs will return based on your Prompts cannot be predicted in advance. AIs might generate content that you consider offensive or objectionable and/or that does not represent Meta’s views. By agreeing to these terms and by using ais, you recognize and assume the risk that the prompts you provide might result in generation of content that you consider offensive or objectionable. you also recognize and agree that you – not Meta – are responsible for your use of, response to, and/or any actions you take in relation to, content generated by the ais based on your prompts.
        
    
*   **Meta's Rights**
    
    *   Meta’s Rights Regarding Content
        
        Meta uses Content and related information, including through automated or manual (i.e. human) review and through third-party vendors in some instances, including:
        
        *   To provide, maintain, and improve Meta services and features.
        *   To conduct and support research
        *   To monitor your use of AIs for compliance with these Terms and applicable laws and to report violations of applicable laws or regulations as required by law or as otherwise requested by a court order or government authority
        *   To remove unsafe, discriminatory, or other Content that violates these Terms, Meta’s Community Standards, or any other applicable policies and terms
        *   To suspend or remove accounts that violate these Terms with respect to your use of AIs
        
    *   Suspension and Termination
        
        If we determine that you have breached these Terms or other applicable terms and policies, we may suspend or permanently disable your access to AIs or other Meta services or features, and we may permanently disable or delete your account including where we are required to do so for legal reasons.
        
    
*   **Ownership of AIs**
    
    We retain all our respective rights, title, and interest, including intellectual property rights, in and to AIs. Meta is the provider of the AIs and other than the rights of access and use expressly granted in these Terms, these Terms do not grant you any right, title, or interest in or to the AIs.
    
*   **Third Party Materials and AI**
    
    AIs may use or be used in connection with content, services, features, and integrations (including AI tools) provided by third parties (“Third Party Materials and AI”). Meta is not the provider of these Third Party Materials and AI and is not responsible for your use of Third Party Materials and AI; you use these at your own risk.
    
*   **Accuracy of Outputs and Limitations on Liability**
    
    *   Accuracy of Outputs
        
        AIs are a new technology and are still improving. We make no guarantees that they will be safe, secure or error-free, or will function without disruptions, delays or imperfections. We are not responsible for Outputs, and you are responsible for checking Outputs for accuracy and suitability. The Outputs provided by AIs do not reflect the views of Meta, our affiliates or our personnel.
        
    *   Limitations on Liability
        
        Nothing in these Terms is intended to exclude or limit our liability for death, personal injury or fraudulent misrepresentation caused by our negligence, or to affect your statutory rights.
        
        We will exercise professional diligence in providing the AIs to you in accordance with these Terms. Provided that we have acted with such professional diligence, we do not accept responsibility for losses not caused by our breach of these Terms or otherwise by our acts; losses that are not reasonably foreseeable by you and us at the time of entering into these Terms; and events beyond our reasonable control.
        
    
*   **Disputes**
    
    If a claim or dispute arises out of or relates to your use of the AIs as a consumer, both you and us agree that you may resolve your individual claim or dispute against us, and we may resolve our claim or dispute against you, in any competent court in the country of your main residence that has jurisdiction over your claim or dispute, and the laws of that country will apply without regard to conflict of law provisions.
    
    If a claim or dispute arises between us that relates to use of the AIs in any other capacity, including, but not limited to, access or use of the AIs for a business or commercial purpose, or that an entity brings on your behalf, you agree that any such claim or dispute must be resolved in a competent court in Ireland and Irish law will apply to such claim or dispute without regard to conflict of law provisions.
    
*   **Severability**
    
    If any portion of these Terms is found to be unenforceable, the unenforceable portion will be deemed amended to the minimum extent necessary to make it enforceable, and if it can’t be made enforceable, then it will be severed and the remaining portion will remain in full force and effect. If we fail to enforce any of these Terms, it will not be considered a waiver. Any amendment to or waiver of these Terms must be made in writing and signed by us.
    
*   **Changes to These Terms**
    
    We work constantly to improve our services and develop new features to make our products better for you and our community. As a result, we may need to update these Terms from time to time to accurately reflect our services and practices, to promote a safe and secure experience, and/or to comply with applicable law. Unless the changes are required to comply with legal obligations, we will notify you (for example through email or in-app notification) of changes to these Terms and give you an opportunity to review them before they go into effect. Once any updated Terms are in effect you will be bound by them if you continue to use our AIs. If you do not agree to the updated Terms, you should stop using AIs before they go into effect.
    
*   **How to Contact Us**
    
    You can contact Meta Platforms Ireland Limited by writing to:
    
    Meta Platforms Ireland Limited  
    ATTN: Operations  
    Merrion Road  
    Dublin 4  
    D04 X2K5, Ireland
    
*   **Effective Date**
    
    January 5, 2026