EU: Refundable Sample Terms and Conditions for Creators

14/07/2025

​

​

Introduction​

The Refundable Sample program (“Program”) is offered by TikTok Technology Limited, which is a company registered in the Republic of Ireland with its registered office at The Sorting Office, Ropemaker Place, Dublin 2, D02 HD23, Dublin, Ireland and company number 635755 (“TikTok”, “we”, “our”, “us”). ​

By participating in the Program, eligible creators can purchase and potentially receive refunds for sample products, subject to these Program terms and conditions ("Creator Program Terms"). These Creator Program Terms are subject to, and incorporate by reference, the [TikTok Terms of Service](https://www.tiktok.com/legal/page/eea/terms-of-service/en), [EU: TikTok Shop Creator Terms of Use](https://seller-ie.tiktok.com/university/essay?knowledge_id=7058140927952672&article_type=agreement&identity=1), [TikTok Community Guidelines](https://www.tiktok.com/community-guidelines/en?lang=en), [TikTok Advertising Policies](https://ads.tiktok.com/help/article?aid=9552), and any other applicable TikTok Shop policies and guidelines as may be updated or amended from time to time (collectively, “Online Terms”). The terms “you” and “your” throughout these Program Terms refer to any eligible creator. ​

1. Creator Eligibility​

To participate in the Program, creators must:​

a. be invited to participate in the Program;​

b. be at least 18 years old; ​

c. reside in the [European Economic Area](https://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php?title=Glossary:European_Economic_Area_\(EEA\)#:~:text=The%20European%20Economic%20Area%2C%20abbreviated,force%20on%201%20January%201994.);​

d. have complied with all relevant obligations and not be in breach or suspected breach of the Online Terms; and​

e. be a qualifying TikTok Shop e-commerce creator.​

If you meet the above criteria, you shall be considered an "Eligible Creator".​

2. Program Structure​

a. Sellers on TikTok Shop may offer refundable samples for some or all of their products (each a "Refundable Sample"). You can view a seller's Refundable Samples through the Creator Product Marketplace.​

b. Where you purchase a Refundable Sample, you will be eligible to receive a refund once you meet the Refund Criteria (see below).​

c. If you purchase a product through the buyer experience on TikTok Shop by using "Add to cart" or "Buy now", then the Program will not apply to that purchase.​

d. You may only purchase one Refundable Sample (one Stock Keeping Unit ("SKU")) at a time. If you purchase two products in a single-cart order (even where the products are marked as eligible for a refund), that single-cart order will be treated as a regular purchase, and the Program will not apply to that order. ​

e. You can only make one sample order at a time for free samples and Refundable Samples.​

i. If you have an active free sample request for a particular product, a Refundable Sample of the same product cannot be purchased unless the request is withdrawn, rejected, or expired.​

ii. If you purchase a Refundable Sample, you cannot request a free sample of the same product unless (a) the Refund Criteria (see below) has not been met; or (b) you have initiated a return/refund.​

iii. All eligible TikTok Shop buyer promotions can be applied to products purchased in the Creator Product Marketplace, including to products that are eligible for a refund. ​

f. Orders can be cancelled and addresses changed like a regular purchase order.​

i. Eligible Creators may initiate a return for a Refundable Sample and request a refund for that return within the aftersales window subject to the [TikTok Shop EU Customer Order Cancellation, Return and Refund Policy](https://seller-ie.tiktok.com/university/essay?knowledge_id=2163458502379296&identity=1).​

ii. Once a return is initiated, these Creator Program Terms will no longer apply to that purchase of the refundable sample.​

g. A creator promoting the purchased Refundable Sample will be eligible to earn seller commissions for the orders generated by that promotion (except when the order is made by an Eligible Creator for another Refundable Sample).​

3. Refund Criteria​

a. Seller will provide Eligible Creators with a refund for the product sample if the Eligible Creator meets the refund criteria (the "Refund Criteria").​

b. Eligible Creators must generate the required number of sales orders set out in the Refund Criteria within 120 days of receiving the sample product (the "Posting Timeline").​

c. In order to be valid (for the purposes of the Refund Criteria), sales orders must:​

i. be generated from short videos, LIVE sessions, or showcases;​

ii. pass the [Payment Settlement Period](https://seller-ie.tiktok.com/university/essay?knowledge_id=375485230499606&role=1&course_type=1&from=search%7BcontentIdParams%7D&identity=1) (these settlement periods vary by country and seller type); and​

iii. not be a sale purchased by or on behalf of that Eligible Creator.​

4. Refund Flow​

a. Once you have met the Refund Criteria for a Refundable Sample:​

i. A refund equal to the product’s purchase price will be automatically issued to you in the original payment method.​

ii. If the refund cannot be processed in the original payment method, we can process the refund to your TikTok Shop credit account.​

b. Refunds typically take 5-10 business days to appear in the recipient's bank account, subject to any terms set by the relevant payment services provider. Sometimes it may take longer.​

c. If a coupon was used for the purchase, the coupon will be made available again to the creator for re-use, unless the coupon has already expired. The use of any coupon will be subject to the original terms and conditions of that coupon.​

d. If you do not meet the Refund Criteria:​

i. You may still request a refund, but refunds are subject to Seller approval and are not guaranteed.​

ii. You can choose to purchase a new Refundable Sample for that product or request a free sample of that product from the seller.​

5. Refunds for Unavailable Products​

a. If products become temporarily unavailable due to:​

i. being out of stock;​

ii. negative reviews; and/or​

iii. expired and/ or terminated Open Collaboration,​

the Refund Criteria posting timeline will pause for 10 days.​

b. If products become available again within that period, the Posting Timeline shall resume.​

c. If products are still unavailable after 10 days, your refund will be automatically processed. You will be entitled to keep the Refundable Sample.​

d. Your refund will be automatically processed if products become permanently unavailable due to:​

i. permanent ban by TikTok Shop due to breach of the Online Terms;​

ii. permanent shop ban by TikTok Shop due to breach of the Online Terms;​

iii. Seller closing their shop on TikTok Shop; and/or​

iv. Seller delisting products from TikTok Shop.​

6. Changes to the Program or these Creator Program Terms ​

a. The Program has no end date and will continue until we terminate it. ​

b. We may change these Creator Program Terms or the Program at any time for legal, regulatory or business reasons. These changes may include who can participate in a Program, how to purchase Refundable Samples and how refunds are calculated. ​

c. We will give you reasonable advance notice, in a transparent manner, of significant changes to these Creator Program Terms or the Program which will impact you and the date that they will come into force. The changes will only apply to our relationship going forward.​

d. Where we need to make urgent changes for security, safety, legal or regulatory requirements, we may not be able to provide you with advance notice, but we will still inform you of the changes, except if we are legally prohibited to do so.​

e. Within this notice period, you will be able to continue to use the Program under the then-current terms. If you do not agree with the proposed changes, you can withdraw from the Program before the changes come into effect.​

7. Compliance with Online Terms​

a. You must comply with the Online Terms (including these Creator Program Terms).​

b. If you violate the Online Terms (including these Creator Program Terms), we reserve the right to cancel your refund and/or terminate you from participating in the Program.​